Smoke Without A Fire
	My fire alarm went off this morning. I was getting ready to leave for work - actually, I was rushing to leave for work because I had been lying in front of my fan heater, unwilling to go outside into the cold. My flat is in a poorly maintained Victorian building and only has cracked single glazing, so it’s always freezing, especially with the first frost of the year wrapping its fingers around Northern England.

 I’ve been finding it harder and harder to leave the flat in the mornings the past few weeks. I get up at five thirty in the morning and should head out soon after for the train but I always seem to find myself wrapped in a blanket in front of my little portable heater until the last possible minute.

That’s what happened this morning. I looked at my watch and realised that I was already late for the first two trains I could catch, and if I didn’t want to be late for the third day in a row I would have to leave now. I was halfway out the door, briefcase in hand, when the alarm went off.

For such an old, creaky building it’s one hell of an alarm. Imagine the worst migraine you’ve ever had, amplify it, and now imagine that pain is a sound. The landlord may not have double glazed the windows, but he certainly didn’t skimp on this alarm. The only problem was that I live in a three room apartment, and none of those rooms were on fire.

I ran downstairs. The building’s alarms were all controlled from a central command box at the bottom of the stairs, and it had an LED display that showed which flat the alarm originated from. According to the box, mine was the only one on fire.

I looked up the stairs. I could see into my apartment from where I stood, and it was very much not on fire. Sighing, I pressed the button to silence the alarm before it annoyed the other residents, and went back upstairs to grab my things for work and double check that the building was definitely not burning down.

I missed the last early train, thanks to the weird not-fire. No one at work said anything, though. That was nice. I had a lot to do and usually everyone’s super chatty. I think I managed to go the whole day just slogging through my work, not making conversation.

 I guess it was a bit weird. Normally I’m the first to join in on the team banter and have a laugh, but the atmosphere just wasn’t there today. I guess sometimes adulting is just like that. Sometimes you laugh and joke and mess around with your friends, sometimes you eat lunch alone. The peace and quiet is nice, I suppose. Every once in a while.

Things have been pretty quiet since I got home too. The alarm hasn’t gone off again, and my home is still very not on fire. If anything, the air feels damp, like someone has hidden a giant humidifier somewhere behind a door. And there’s a smell, though I can’t quite place it, sort of sickly and unpleasant. I’ve sent a text to the landlord, but he hasn’t replied yet. Probably busy. I’ll call him in the morning.

I don’t really know why I’m posting this. I should be asleep right now, but every time I start to drift off I dream I can hear the fire alarm and wake right back up again. But everything’s quiet, despite the memory of the dream ripping through my head. It’s silent, really. Even the cats in the alley aren’t making any sound.

I tried messaging my boyfriend just to pass the time while I wait to fall asleep again. I guess his phone must be on silent.

I guess that’s why I’m posting here. It’s been a weird rough day and I want to tell someone about it. I know everyone has off days, but I feel isolated, like I’m behind a sheet of glass and nothing, not even sound can get in or out.

Can anybody hear me?I Hail from a City of All Women! ...They're Coming for you all!
	[It's not what I expected...](https://www.reddit.com/r/nosleep/comments/dehwha/help_im_trapped_in_a_city_of_women_its_not_what_i/) Part 1

[and the Queen is insane!!](https://www.reddit.com/r/nosleep/comments/dff51v/help_im_stuck_in_a_city_of_all_women_and_the/) Part 2

[The last person who had this job is dead](https://www.reddit.com/r/nosleep/comments/dgd87w/help_im_stuck_in_a_city_of_all_women_the_last/) Part 3

[I met a Goddess](https://www.reddit.com/r/nosleep/comments/dh8p7u/help_im_trapped_in_a_city_of_all_women_i_met_a/) Part 4 (NFSW)

[and I’ve found a new religion](https://www.reddit.com/r/nosleep/comments/di5pjt/help_im_trapped_in_a_city_of_all_women_and_ive/) Part 5

[My Goddess is protecting me, and no one else](https://www.reddit.com/r/nosleep/comments/dj473w/help_im_trapped_in_a_city_of_all_women_my_goddess/) (Part 6)

[There’s a new Queen in town.](https://www.reddit.com/r/nosleep/comments/dk1q9e/help_im_trapped_in_a_city_of_all_women_theres_a/) (Part 7)

[There was a celebration, and a coup today.](https://www.reddit.com/r/nosleep/comments/dkyq6u/help_im_trapped_in_a_city_of_all_women_there_was/) (Part 8)

[I just met the Devil!](https://www.reddit.com/r/nosleep/comments/dlx5gd/help_im_trapped_in_a_city_of_all_women_i_just_met/) (Part 9)

[I don't feel too well](https://www.reddit.com/r/nosleep/comments/dmv8n3/help_im_trapped_in_a_city_of_all_women_i_dont/) (Part 10)

[and I've been lied to for five years!](https://www.reddit.com/r/The_Guardian_Temple/comments/dovj1t/help_im_trapped_in_a_city_of_all_women_and_ive/) (Part 11)

[I don't feel like myself](https://www.reddit.com/r/nosleep/comments/donynq/help_im_trapped_in_a_city_of_all_women_i_dont/) (Part 12)



It wasn’t until the next day anyone came for me.

Hours of me staring at the ceiling and trying to figure out what emotions were mine and which were Ragna’s when I heard the cell door open.  I could sense her there, staring at me, her confusion, her anger.  It wasn’t even anger directed at me, it was a self-loathing of sorts.

“There’s some explaining you need to do,” Ragna forced a smile, “I don’t know why they’d lock you up for protecting my Rachel, but-”

I stood up, and knew what to say to get things straightened out, “I love her.”

Ragna’s smile vanished, “What?”

“I said,” I walked right up to Ragna, getting right into her face, “I love Rachel, when I saw her today I fell in love with her.  Her eyes, even when they’re angry, the fire inside of them took hold of me and all I wanted to do was get lost inside of them.”

Ragna’s shock faded and she regarded me, “How…?”

“I don’t know?  You tell me!” I shouted.

Ragna’s eyes grew wide, “Oh, oh dear.” 

“What did you do to me?!” I demanded.

Ragna grabbed my shoulder, squeezing hard, reminding me of my place.

I fell to my knees in pain.  A shiver went through me as her grip threatened to shatter my shoulder blade or at least dislocate my shoulder.  My stomach dropped as she held tight.

“I’ve killed others for less.  I understand you’re upset, but,” she warned, “don’t push it.” 

“You’re inside my head messing with it, aren’t you?” I accused.

Ragna shook her head, “No,” Ragna heaved a sigh, “I pushed my anger for Captain Sofia Vázquez into that vial, I hoped my hatred of *her* would transfer to *you*.  Nothing more.”

“Well I hate that woman with every fiber of my being, just hearing her name makes me angry,” I looked up at her, “But I got more than your hatred.”

“An error I won’t repeat,” Ragna let go of me, “I’m sorry Madison.  It was a rash thing to do.”

“So now what? ” I said, getting to my feet.  Ragna’s feelings for Rachel were intense, it was hard to ignore them.

Ragna was silent, deep in thought.

Whatever was going on inside her mind, I hoped she was thinking of a solution.

There were a few minutes of silence before I interrupted her, “So, ideas Ms.Wizard?”

Ragna’s resolved cracked and she gave me a concerned look, “I can traipse about someone’s mind and change their thoughts, but what I did wasn’t rearranging memories, Madison, it was more subtle.  That’s why I thought it would not be so invasive.”  she grumbled, “This is something that requires someone with more empathy than anything else.  The only woman I know who could is Priestess Tasha.  She runs the Catholic Church here.”

“I haven’t seen her since the princesses left,” I pointed out.

“That figures,” Ragna stated, “I’ll set her sister, Xei, to seek her out but I am doubtful if that will bear fruit,” Ragna grimaced, “We will need to go outside of Penthesil for this.”

“Outside?” I asked, an eyebrow raised.

[…](https://www.trzcacak.rs/myfile/detail/248-2485080_omega-png-transparent-background-omega-symbol-png.png)

We were outside the walls of Penthesil, where Ragna had called one of her mages.

Standing before me was a tall bald man with vibrant green eyes.  He was athletic and wore a similar uniform as Syria and Alexis did.  I guess the mages had to match.  He peered into my eyes, holding my head in his hands.

“If you keep doing that, I will ask you to buy me dinner,” I said, getting frustrated with being manhandled.

“Ya aint me type, love,” a thick cockney accent confirmed.  “'eaven and 'ell this is a Elliot Ness, Mistress.”

“Rasper, I do not need a ‘I told you so,’” Ragna protested.

“Nah, yeah ya do!” Rasper, the man staring at me, shouted, “Wot did ya do ter this girl?”

“I’m not a girl,” I growled.

Rasper bopped my nose.

My anger vanished, “I’m sorry…”

“She’s loike a younger version of ya,” Rasper said, casting a glare at Ragna, “Science, genetics, engineering, telepathy, even nanomachines, that’s wot yer good at, Mistress.” Rasper pointed to me, “Wot the Gypsy Nell did ya try?”

Ragna took a deep breath, “I pushed my hatred for a specific woman into a genetic treatment for her,” Ragna confessed.

“Bloody ‘ell!” Rasper shouted, “Ya infused 'er wif your 'ate!  'eaven and 'ell why do ya 'ate 'er, if ya daan't mind me askin?”

I had difficulty understanding half of what Rasper said.  It sounded like English, but it wasn’t.

“That vile woman, Sofia,” even as Ragna said the name my blood boiled.

Rasper booped my nose again and snapped me out of it.

Ragna continued, “she and her team left Rachel bedridden!  A bullet ripped her apart!” Ragna growled, “it’s a miracle her uterus survived, but her digestive tract is in shambles, she lost a kidney, she’ll be shitting into a bag for the rest of her life!” Ragna regaled us, “and that horrid woman threatened to blow her head off!  She shoved a gun into Rachel’s mouth!” Ragna barely could calm herself, “I’ve never been so helpless.” 

“Okay, na ya wonder why this girl's got feelings for Rachel?  Wot, ya fin' your 'ate 'ad nah source?  It's the ovver side of the coin, Mistress, that bein' love!  They’re tied at the bloody 'ip!!”  Rasper grumbled.  “Ya cocked this up well and good.”

“I’m seeing why my brother dislikes you, Rasper.” Ragna pointed out.

“Ya kna why? it’s 'cause i’m right!” Rasper pointed out.

Ragna looked away.

“Can you fix me?” I asked.

Rasper grumbled, “Love, Ya 'ave Bo-le Of Glue sets of emotions stuck in yer heart,” he explained, “Emotions 're strong and Ragna’s not dealin' wif weak ones ter start.” 

“So that’s a ‘no’?” I asked.

Rasper sighed, “do ya love someone else?”

My cheeks turned red, “I don’t know, to be honest.  It’s complicated.”

Rasper grinned, “Oh?  Wait that I can work wif…” 

“Huh?” I asked, confused.

Rasper looked to me, “This person, ya Bobby ya love them?”

I recalled Hilly and me in bed my cheeks went red.  The answer was: I wasn’t sure.  If we met another way, perhaps, but despite me confronting Hilly, the rape still happened.

“Oh na if that aint the cutest fin',” Rasper said smiling at me, “now I can fix this up in a jiffy, at least part of it. Ya still garn ter 'ate that Sofia woman, but we can at least get the bleedin' majority of your emotions wound up right 'ere.”  pink fire engulfed his finger and he tapped my forehead.

My head spun and my stomach was in knots, it blew my head up like a balloon.  A moment later, everything seemed to slide back into place.

“Okay, garn ter test this aahhht,” Rasper looked to me, “Queen Rachel?”

I stared at him, her name didn’t elicit any response like before. 

“Good,” he smiled, “'oo were ya maybe in golden dove wif?”

“Hilly?” I blushed, and my heart started to race thinking of her, “Oh…”

“So, just so you’re aware, I didn’t tamper wif your thoughts. those 're your emotions, they’re just stronger. fin' of it loike this: ya had two cups of tea, one was strong, the other was… well, it was still tea.  Na they’re in the same cup, ya got me?” Rasper explained.

“Why is it always tea with brits?” I asked.

Rasper laughed, he then turned to Ragna, “Listen ter this one, she’s the chuffin' only wahn who’s gonna call yah’ aahht on yer bullshit.”

Ragna turned to me, “Well… seems that makes you my advisor, Madison.” 

I cleared my throat, getting to my feet, “Okay.”  

Ragna faced Rasper, “Thank you, you can return to my brother.”

Rasper grinned, “I was wonderin’ if I could ‘ead back to the men’s village fer a tic?”

Ragna smiled, “Oh?  What’s his name?”

Rasper’s cheeks reddened, “I… daan’t kna yet.”

Ragna rolled her eyes, “have fun.”

Rasper bowed and vanished in a puff of smoke.

Ragna turned to me, “I have some armor to give you, and a bit of an apology.”

“What?” I said, shocked.

“Magic isn’t my strong suit,” Ragna admitted, “so far this is twice now I’ve used it and twice I’ve done undo harm.  I think I’m rather done with the stuff. For that, Madison, I apologize, I shouldn’t have used you as a guinea pig.  That Sofia woman…”

“I know.  You said you were helpless,” I frowned, “I know what that’s like.”

“Also my fault?”

I gave Ragna a nod.

Ragna’s face fell, “you’re the only person who knows this much about me outside of Rachel and my brother.” she looked to the gate leading back to Penthesil.  “I feel naked.” 

Did I have sympathy for Ragna?  I did my best to determine if this was my emotion or Ragna’s.  It was clearer to tell now.  Whatever Rasper had done, I now knew when the alien emotions were there. When I thought of Sofia I felt rage, but I knew it wasn’t my anger. 

“It’s funny,” Ragna chuckled, “I didn’t expect to find, dare I say, a friend?”

I scoffed, “Yeah well, I expect perks if I’m friends with the empress of the world, right?”

“Oh, is that how it is?” Ragna said, her smile growing.  

“Yes.  I want an island, at some point,” I joked.

Ragna laughed, “You’ll settle for armor for now,” she motioned for me to follow her.

…

I was standing in the Palace basement, and while Ragna had trained me with weighted clothing, it was strange to wear full plate armor.

I was like some kind of cosplayer at a renaissance fair. My hands flexed in the gauntlets, I noticed chainmail in between the joints.  Between me and the armor, I wore black stretchy fabric.  It was comfortable, though it bunched up around my neck.

Ragna interjected, “the chainmail is also Crystalinum,” she smiled, turning to a short woman with jet-black hair.

The woman was wearing a lab coat and had safety goggles on.  “Difficult to make, but not impossible!  Oh, the technology that Empress Ragna has imparted to us!”

I picked up the helmet and slid it on, finding it had difficultly with my long hair.

“I’m afraid you must cut it shorter Madison,” Ragna said, half a smile on her face.

“Well, no offense, but I am not shaving my head!” I objected.

Ragna slid her hand over the right side of her head, grinning, “Oh it’s so freeing Madison,” she chuckled.  I wondered if she braided the other side daily, as it was long but still thin towards the bottom.

I got the helmet on, though it was tight.  The helmet closed around the front of my mouth, my eyes the only thing exposed.  

As I moved it surprised me how light the armor was, either this was a feature of the metal or my newfound physique.  

Ragna gave me a mischievous smile, “Why don’t you walk over this way, Madison?”

I narrowed my eyes as she pointed to a firing range, “What are you up to?”

“A field test.”

I walked to where she pointed cautiously.  The armor did not inhibit my range of motion, though I would not be sneaking up on the enemy in any major way.

“Head downrange, Maddy,” Ragna stated.

“Sure thing Raggy,” I had to thank Rasper later, I felt like me again.

As I turned to Ragna, she had a strange look on her face.  She wasn’t mad at my nickname nor did she seem happy.  She was lost in thought again, and I wondered if this was another moment she might think about letting me closer to her.  Strange as it was, I don’t think I ever met someone as walled up as Ragna was.  She had my sympathy. 

“Sorry, that was-”

“No, I shouldn’t have,” Ragna smirked, “*Raggy…* is just… no.” 

“Do you have another preference?” I asked.

Ragna paused, deep in thought.  I wished I could step inside her head.  Then again, after recalling what Devon said he saw, that might not be a good idea.  Visions of dead angels danced in my head, and I wondered still if Ragna has massacred all of heaven or just a small part of it.

The woman in the lab coat walked over with a blast shield with something poking through it, “Ready your grace!”

“Good, Madison, say ‘activate visor’ please?” Ragna asked.

“Activate visor?” A blue haze came over everything.  It highlighted Ragna in green, as was the woman behind the blast shield.  “Looks like a video game,” I said as the visor highlighted the thing sticking through the blast shield in red.  “What’s that?”  

“Weapon hot!” The woman shouted.  

Ragna smiled, “Open fire.”

A hail of bullets flew out of the barrel of the gun in front of me.  I thought I would die.  They shot out so quickly I didn’t have time to react.  They struck my breastplate, and I staggered back a bit before I regained my footing.  Bullet holes riddled the firing range around me.  I checked my chest, there wasn’t a scratch on the armor.  

“D-Did you just shoot a machine gun at me?!” I shouted.

“Yes,” Ragna said with a sly grin.  “The visor is a force field, but it takes a lot to power, so only activate it during heavy fire.  The rest is some rather boring augmented reality.” 

I touched my chest plate, finding it cool, “Can I try something?”

Ragna smiled, “Open fire.”

This time I tried to trace the rounds.  It was difficult, but towards the end of the salvo, I blocked a stream of bullets with my wrists guards.  “Wonder Woman eat your heart out,” I said seeing some lead residue on the arm guards.

“Who?” Ragna asked.

“Oh, nothing,” I smiled, pulling the helmet off.  “All the soldiers are wearing this stuff?”

Ragna nodded, “if you pull the fabric around your neck up to your nose, you’ll find a filter that will protect from any form of gas, if you drink water through it, the fabric will act as a filter.  The battery for your visor charges kinetically, still it’s best to leave it off until you take heavy fire.”

“You thought of everything, huh?” I asked.

“Just about,” Ragna turned as I saw Esmerelda walking towards her, “Perfect timing.”

Esmerelda bowed, “Mistress, I have what you requested.”  Esmerelda offered a sword.

The blade looked rough, the edges were jagged like cut glass, the entire length black. Steam slid off the surface.

Eris’s voice was back again, “oh my what… is that lovely thing?”

Eris floating over my shoulder startled me, “finished with Eurybia?”

Esmerelda responded to Eris, to my shock, “a blade forged of chaos energy, Spirit of Discord.” 

“Oh, please call me Eris you slut-on-steroids,” Eris spat, “gimmie gimmie gimmie!”

Esmerelda turned to Ragna, “My mistress, are you certain about… *her*?” 

Ragna nodded, “Yes,” she turned to me, offering the sword’s handle.  “Two qualities of this sword make it unique. Care to explain, Esmerelda?”

Eris’s eyes were wide as saucers as I took the blade in my hand.  “Oh, I must…” she touched the blade, it’s blade changed to white and gold, the steam now yellow as a result, “ooooh that’s the good stuff!” Eris tittered and cooed as if she was getting high off a drug.

Esmerelda rolled her eyes, “Anyone struck by this blade will suffer a bout of chaos. They will lose their minds.  If you plunge this blade into the heart of an angel, it can kill them.  No need to remove their wings.”

I looked to Ragna, “Wait, why would I need that?”

“Captain Sofia Vázquez is an Angel, a Nephilim, but still an Angel.  She’s an Avatar of Samael.”

Eris’s eyes went wide and she recoiled from the sword, “Samael...” she whispered in fear.

I frowned, “What is Samael?”

Eris slinked to my other shoulder, “The Venom of God,” she hissed.  

“A powerful angel of God, but there’s a weakness,” Ragna pointed out, “Sofia is a Terran to start, and her mind is weak and blind.  While I’m sure Samael has pushed her to the brink of madness, a strike from this could force her over the edge.”

I nodded, looking at the sword in my hand, “So, use this to kill her or drive her insane then?”

“Correct,” Ragna stated.

“When do I get the chance to kill her?” 

“Patience, Captain.”  Ragna began, “Our first target will be the softest one, Caracas.  Killing their head of state will be up to you.” 

“Can’t we just imprison them?  Must we kill them?”

“This man has little redemption in him Madison, but I'll leave it to your discretion.  Imprison him, or kill him, either way, we remove him from power and take the country,” Ragna advised.

I sheathed the sword, getting a feel for the armor, “mind if I wear this home?”

Ragna smiled, “go ahead.”

…

If I didn’t turn heads before, I was turning them now.  I heard whispers and got the occasional accusatory glance.  

I should mention, on the back of my armor was a symbol of Eris.  A Discordian regimen was unheard of.

When I got home, I caught Hilly on her way out, she was in her red royal guard uniform.  She gave me a hungry gaze, “Wow, aren’t we a pair?”

I closed the door behind me.  I did not understand how to face Hilly now, even with my emotions sorted out.  Rasper was right, my feelings for Hilly were amplified.  My heart was hammering in my chest and I couldn’t believe what I had done the night before.

“Maddy?”

“Huh?” I turned to see her coming in for a kiss.

I stopped her “I’m sorry if I was… fast, before,” I blushed, “things got mixed up in my head and-” 

She placed her finger to my lips.  “It’s fine,” she grinned, “I will not lie, I kind of enjoyed you being forceful.  Maybe something we could play with later?  I just, well, I didn’t want you to be all anger.” 

I tried to change the subject, “So, where are you off to?”

Hilly sighed, “Well, The Queen wants her wedding tomorrow.”

“Tomorrow? She could barely walk yesterday!”

“Well,” Hilly began, “tomorrow is when she wants it.” 

“Talk about demanding,” I looked to the door, wondering if Hilly would leave soon.  I hadn’t felt this conflicted since the day after she raped me.  That thought sent me for a loop, to say the least, and I felt sick. 

“Want to meet me there tomorrow?  I’ll make sure you have a ticket,” Hilly said as she stood at the door.

“Sure,” I forced a smile, “we can meet up.”

“Well, I’ll be back later, so you can wait for dinner. Oh,” she blushed, “I guess you’re not my Hestie anymore.”

“I haven’t forgotten how to cook,” I reminded.

“Okay,” Hilly beamed.

Her smile was so adorable, “Love you.” I said before I could stop myself.  My stomach was in my feet and I slapped my hand over my mouth.  Damn you Rasper!

“I,” Hilly’s cheeks darkened, “l-love you too, Maddy.”  

She lingered in the doorway.

“I-I’m sorry that just…” my cheeks were burning, “slipped out.”

Hilly’s cheeks were just as red, “I’ll see you later?”

“Later,” I promised.

Hilly left and I swallowed the lump in my throat, “just tossing out the ‘I love you’ whenever…” I scolded myself.  I gave my forehead a good thunk, “Damn it.” 

The house phone rang, I picked it up, “hello?”

“Madison,” the word almost sounded like a soldier in my head as Ragna said it. .

“Oh, Ragna, hi,” I wasn’t sure how I should address her.

“I will assume you heard about the wedding tomorrow?” She asked.

“Yes,” I confirmed.

“Good.  Rachel is insistent we wed as soon as possible so, that’s the current situation.”

“So it would seem,” I was curious where this was going, “Ragna, why are you calling?”

There was a moment of silence, “it’s customary for a wedding to include more than just a bride and a groom, there’s a wedding party of sorts, from what I gather.”

“Yeah” I humored her, “The ladies have a bridal party with a maid of honor and the men have a ‘best man’ with their groomsmen.”

“Yes, that is what I understand.  There’s no formal ceremony here in Penthesil, Rachel’s been demanding we follow the tradition you described,” Ragna continued.

“Are you getting cold feet or something?” I asked.

“No!” Ragna defended, “I want to marry Rachel more than anything.”

“You just sound nervous,” I pointed out.

Ragna paused for some time, “It’s an aspect of the wedding I am unsure of.”

“What’s that?”

“I don’t have,” Ragna paused again, “what was it you said, a ‘Best Man’, or a ‘Best Woman’ in this case.”

“I’ve seen weddings where the groom is alone,” I thought of the last time I had seen such a thing.  My uncle got married alone, granted his bride was 30 years his junior. 

“As it stands the parties are lopsided.  Rachel has requested Launa as her Maid of Honor,” Ragna continued.

“That’s nice!  I’m happy that those two are still friends,” I wondered if Launa would get into a bridesmaid’s dress.  

Ragna was silent for another moment or two, “Be my ‘Best woman’?”

It shocked me, “I… what?”

“Would You Be My Best Woman?” Ragna asked again.

I stared at the wall flabbergasted.

“Madison?” Ragna asked, “Did I lose you?”

“N-no! No, just, I… I’m stunned is all,” I managed, “I mean-”

“You’re the only friend I have, who’s a woman.  I could ask Syria or Alexis but they’re servants,” Ragna’s pause seemed to have something snapping in the background, “You are not.”

“I’ll… sure, yes, I can be your woman of honor,” I answered.

Ragna’s voice shifted and I could hear the relief wash over her, “Thank you.”

“Was I your first choice?” I said smiling over the phone.

“Madison,” Ragna assured, “You’re my only choice.

…

I’ve been a bridesmaid once before.  I’ve not been a ‘best woman’ before.  I wore

ceremonial armor rather than a tux.  Ragna and I stood at the steps of the throne, the nun, Sister Catherine, or Fatima, whichever she was going by today, stood behind us.  

Ragna was wearing something like her normal armor, polished to a high sheen and her cape was silver rather than blue.  Despite the occasion, Ragna wore no make-up.

Ragna leaned over to me, “You have the ring, yes?”

I nodded, motioning to a box in my hand, “guarding it with my life.”

Ragna nodded.

“Nervous?” I asked.

“Excited,” Ragna said. “I haven’t seen Rachel since the treatment. She demanded it.” 

“Treatment?” I asked.

Music started to play as Launa made her way down the aisle, which was in the middle of the royal court.  She wore a lovely silver dress that showed off her curves well.  It surprised me, as most bridesmaid’s dresses seem like attempts to make the bridesmaids seem as homely as possible when compared to the bride.

Launa took her place and waved at me. 

I waved back before louder music began.  I turned my attention to the front of the room as Rachel made her way towards us.

She looked ten years younger, if not more.  I thought it was make-up but as she strode towards us in time with the music it was clear something had changed.  Rachel’s wings were bright silver now, shimmering as if they were metallic.  

The dress she wore was white with intricate silver lines woven into the veil and fabric. The dress was strapless and backless, with a long train behind her.  She wasn’t carrying any flowers, but walked confidently up to the steps, taking Ragna’s offered hand.

Ragna removed the veil, and that’s when I noticed the biggest change in Rachel.  

Rachel’s eyes were glowing blue now, her iris’s acting like pulsing LED lights.  Nothing about her eyes seemed organic, as if her eyes were replaced with some kind of false eye.  Yet they still focused, shifted, and moved like real eyes.

My stomach dropped, and I was more than a bit disturbed.  What had ‘The Treatment’ done?  How extreme was it?  Ragna had no qualms about forcing her emotions into me, yet she was apprehensive about this treatment.

Ragna’s hand caressed her cheek, “how are you feeling?”

“Flawless,” Rachel said, smiling.  

I noticed the silver parts of her dress were moving within the fabric, shifting and sliding back and forth, almost like trails of silver sand in motion.  Was this the dress, or the treatment?

Rachel grinned, “today, a wedding, tomorrow, a war.”

Ragna nodded, turning to Sister Fatima, “you can begin, Fatima.” 

Weddings are dull, this was no exception.  Though the kiss between them was deep and passionate.  I couldn’t help but smile when they finally got to that part.  The court erupted in applause, but I could tell neither of them could hear any of us.  They were lost in each other’s embrace, and I had to admit, despite Rachel’s changes, it was beautiful.

Launa was in tears, the happy sort.

…

Hilly joined me at the wedding party table, Ragna and Rachel were dancing after all the speeches.  “Busy day?” Hilly asked.

I nodded, drinking another glass of sparkling cider, “Yeah.”  

“How did you get in this good with the Empress?” she asked.

I chuckled, “Training.” 

Off to the side, I saw Sister Fatima speaking to that Syria woman. 

“Those two close?” I asked.

Hilly looked at the pair, they were out of sight from most, “Maybe?”

Syria got down on one knee.

“Oh,” Hilly said, eyes wide.

I couldn’t help but smile, “I guess so.”

Syria slid a ring onto Sister Fatima’s finger, and the pair embraced.  

“Love’s in the air,” I said.

Hilly laughed.

I turned to Hilly, “So, between the two of us...”

Hilly blushed, looking to the dance floor, “I don’t think we need anything formal, do you?”

I shook my head, “I’d like… to start over.”

“Me too,” Hilly kept her eyes on the dance floor.  “As much as I asked you before I never thought you’d say ‘yes’.  The ‘I love you’ was,” she turned to me, “I thought about Maria a lot today.”

“Yesterday must have been a complete blind-side,” I sighed.

Hilly grinned, “a little, but it was a welcome surprise.”

I wasn’t sure where to go from there, but my heart was aching for what I had planned to say next, “Tomorrow is the start of a war.”

“Don’t think about it,” Hilly suggested.

“I kind of have to,” I looked to her, “I might not come back.”

HIlly’s face fell.

“If that’s the case, I don’t know if starting something new with you is fair,” my heart sank.

HIlly faced me, “Maddy if you don’t come back, I don’t want to live with regret.” She took my hand, “You want to start over, right?”

I looked up to her, and her sweet pleading eyes.  Oh God, my heart!  The look on her face just took hold of me.  “Yes.”

“Then let's go home together, and see what happens?”

When we got home, we talked for hours about everything and anything.  Hilly fell asleep on me, and I couldn’t sleep for a single second.  I cradled her against me staring at the ceiling, wondering what war was like, what to expect.  Would I come home?  What would Hilly do if I didn’t?  I looked to her sleeping face, and she looked so innocent.  Hate me if you want, but damn it, I love this woman.  ‘Enhanced’ emotion or not, I was coming home to her, and I didn’t care who I crushed on the way.

I forgave her that morning for what she did to me those years ago.  After all, we're starting over, right?

…

I stood before a group of thirty soldiers, all Discordian.

Eurybia held a large banner of the golden apple of Eris up by a metal post above us.  Eurybia was clad in golden armor.  Her helmet covered her face down to her nose, leaving only one slit for her eye, exposing her cheek. The other half of the helm looked broken, exposing her eye.  Every part of the armor’s designs, from the style of gauntlets to the boots were asymmetrical.   

The rest of us wore our jet-black armor.  I had a gun on my back, my sword at my side.

Eurybia grinned, “I’m so happy to be marching with you!” Eurybia was downright giddy.

“I’ll watch your back, don’t worry,” I assured.

The Discordians were the vanguard, to our right was a couple of hundred soldiers.

Ragna stood before all of us in her fighting armor, her wings hidden behind her cape.

Rachel landed next to Ragna. Her silver wings folded or rather melted into her back, covering her body in silver armor that seemed to shift and move like a fluid.  Rachel’s mere appearance made me apprehensive, I was unsure of what she was anymore.  She turned to Ragna.

Ragna shouted, “We march against a government that has starved their people, lied to them, and shot them in the street like dogs!”

The army booed and hissed.

“We will march to the capitol, and strike at the heart of their government,” Ragna looked to me.

Ragna commanded, “those who stand for this government are evil men who enjoy the corruption sown by their leader!  Show them no mercy!” 

The soldiers all gave hoots and powerful shouts of approval.

“This is the first of many nations who will fall, and rise greater than they ever could before!” Ragna shouted.  Ragna turned to me, “At your command captain.” 

Esmerelda stood before us, opening a portal to a city.  I was shaking inside as I glanced to my regimen.  Eurybia had suggested the name of our unit, and with the black armor, I thought it was fitting: The Daughters of Darkness. 

The goal is chaos, discord, and conquest.  I’m only targeting guys with guns and those in the government.  So if you’re there, don’t go into work today, and if you’re in power, hide or give it up!

We’re coming for you.  So don’t resist!  Or else you will see what happens when you force us to get violent.

[Eris](https://www.facebook.com/DevlinRiptide) be [Praised](https://www.reddit.com/r/The_Guardian_Temple/).The real life counterpart to the SCP Foundation
